Update Databricks docs to include IPython and Kedro-viz workaround (#1486)
kedro-org/kedro: RELEASE.md

* Fixed `CONFIG_LOADER_CLASS` validation so that `TemplatedConfigLoader` can be specified in settings.py. Any `CONFIG_LOADER_CLASS` must be a subclass of `AbstractConfigLoader`.
* Added runner name to the `run_params` dictionary used in pipeline hooks.
* Introduced `after_command_run` CLI hook.

> * Updated [Databricks documentation](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/deployment/databricks.html) to include how to get it working with IPython extension and Kedro-viz. 

Reviewer: This is how we usually link to the docs in the release notes 🙂 
```suggestion
* Updated [Databricks documentation](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/0.18.1/deployment/databricks.html) to include how to get it working with IPython extension and Kedro-Viz. 
```
